hey whats up guys its cares here and
today Avenue commentary this one's going
to be pretty sure there's really not too
many topics in here but the last topic
is going to be a very very big one so
definitely stay tuned for that the first
step I had to talk about though is optic
gaming I'm sure a lot of you guys know
that they ended up winning their third
championship in a row at umg Callie this
weekend which i think is so awesome they
were on a three win streak that is
probably the only time in history optic
has been on such a great win streak and
optic rims xactly ended up being the
waynest player in called ed history with
20 championships and Counting holy shit
man that is a lot of championships he
must have a lot of fucking money if you
think about it but my next topic I
actually have something pretty big this
is gonna be kind of a rant I want to
talk about this a lot mainly because
it's a big deal man so the official New
York Times website posts in article
today they even tweet about it on their
Twitter and it was about gaming you know
fuel or gamma whatever the fuck you want
to call it and it actually was titled
selling the young on gaming fuel and
what they were saying was that companies
like gamma like monster and Red Bull are
bad for you especially if you're younger
and they're basically saying that this
whole gaming thing is a scam you
shouldn't be marketing this towards kids
now when they're talking about kids they
said people who are under 12 years of
age and the article is just a bunch of
bullshit they're saying gaming energy
drinks are bad or just energy drinks in
general and it's basically just saying
if there is some type of gaming culture
when it comes to energy drinks which
doesn't make any sense to me at all
because I don't know anyone who drinks
gamma but yeah this article i think is
one of the biggest bullshit articles
i've ever seen in my life it basically
is just trying to portray you know
companies like GE feel and stuff in a
bad light and it's something that i
really like that much it also did bring
up phase clin a lot in here which i
think is pretty cool honestly just
having faze clan in a like new york
times article but it does not portray
phase in a very very good light I mean
it does say some bad stuff about phase
but one thing that they did say about
phase in this article actually caught my
eye and this is actually pretty crazy
stuff I don't know how much of the truth
is in this but you know I might know
some inside information I'm not going to
say that I'm just going to say what's in
the article here but basically what it
said was gammas cold DD clan called
phase has moved into a rent-free
six-bedroom three-story house on a quiet
residential street
Plainview New York the company recently
installed a cameras throughout to
livestream their activities to fans
around the clock what where did just say
right there the company recently
installed eight cameras throughout to
livestream their activities to fans
around the clock what does this mean I
don't really understand too much about
what this means but does this mean that
there is going to be some type of
livestream thing going on with the phase
house I have no clue I don't really want
to say too much about it but I just
think that is a pretty crazy thing it
definitely is going to be thinking about
a lot of stuff that phase might be doing
in the future and I'm actually pretty
excited now after I read something like
that hopefully I'll be able to talk to
some of them about it later on but if
that actually is happening that would be
one of the coolest things ever maybe
there's like some TV show or some you
know live stream that they're creating
from this to show reality of gaming I
don't know probably he's gonna be pretty
cool I definitely would watch something
like that obviously I wouldn't watch
like four hours and hours every day but
I definitely would like to just check in
see what the fuck's happening hopefully
there's some drama on there and stuff
and one more thing that I want to point
out about this article that i thought
was fucking hilarious and I really
shouldn't be laughing about this but I
don't know when we informally want to
call him we were reading this we were
laughing our asses off one of the
paragraph says at the same time the
gamer culture is spending more deeply
into teenage life are spreading more
deeply into teenage life last year a
fourteen-year-old in Norway collapsed
and fell into a coma after reportedly
drinking four liters of energy drinks
during in sixteen-hour call of duty
party at his school now what though 16
hour call duty party at his school who
plays coll DD for 16 hours after school
that's fucking weird dude and plus it
says that he drank fucking four liters
of energy drinks who does that who
drinks that much in that much time
that's that's ridiculous I don't I just
feel like this article is just spreading
a like light on very very few instances
of bad things with gamma you know gamma
is a good drink I drink it all the time
there's nothing wrong with it obviously
you should have in moderation you
shouldn't be having two tubs it I mean
to bother us again every single day that
would just be ridiculous you should have
you know one a day at most I mean that's
still a pretty good amount should have
it like once every couple days and it's
not gonna be bad for you at all
there's no like side effects or anything
if you have it in moderation and that's
why everything in my opinion is great
moderation other than heroin that's it
for my commentary today guys I hope you
did enjoy and if he did leave a thumbs
up means a lot that wasn't really too
much in the community today there was
just those two topics but definitely the
last topic was a big one I mean New York
Times talking about phase that's some
pretty crazy stuff I know it wasn't like
in the newspaper or anything but it's
still pretty cool and you guys don't
stick with the other two videos on the
screen here and my previous video is
pretty awesome it's actually my best
clips from you guys so definitely be
sure to watch that and you can share my
miss your video to subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you later peace